---
id: launch-path
title: Launch path
description: Learn More about MoonDAO's Launch Path, and  get to know our Mission.
keywords:
  [
    MoonDAO,
    Launch Path,
    Goals,
    Mission,
    Phases,
    Roadmap,
    Member in Space,
    Cost,
    Funding,
    Research and Development,
    Exploration,
    Moon Parties,
  ]
sidebar_position: 4
---

## 🌒 Moon Phase 1: Deploy a token for decentralized governance of MoonDAO.

**Our funding goal:** The primary goal is to decentralize the governance of MoonDAO, but in order to fund our project we need capital. Some tickets for low earth orbit are being advertised for “as low as” $450,000, but tickets in auction have gone up to $28 Million dollars. This token raise won’t be our only opportunity to raise funds, but ideally this token gives us enough runway to achieve Moon phase 2.

In order to be a DAO, we need a governance token for decision making. This is our first step. **There is no expectation of profit with this token, this token’s purpose is to coordinate our governance.**

It is very important to note that **the core team has not pre-mined any tokens for ourselves.** We have not given “special terms” to any Venture Capitalists, Influencers, Angel Investors, Rich Friends or Family, or any other person. We are all being treated equally.

Every investor, builder, or fren, big or small, **has gotten the same terms.** No special treatment for anyone. This is unusual for an Ethereum project, but we thought it would be more fair for everyone involved that we did not airdrop or pre-mine any number of tokens for people ahead of time. We are not VC funded, we are community organized and led, this is very important to us!

## 🌓 Moon Phase 2: Send a MoonDAO member to space in 2022.

1. We will release the Ticket to Space NFT collection. These NFTs can only be purchased with our token, and will put you into a lottery to win a ticket to fly to space in 2022.
2. The money raised from the sale of these NFTs will be used to buy tickets to space on a SpaceX/Blue Origin/Virgin Galactic etc. rocket ship.
3. Send MoonDAO member(s) to space in 2022.

**How much will this cost?** Virgin Galactic advertises its tickets will be sold for “as low as” $450K and it has been reported that Blue Origin’s tickets are have gone up for auction for over $28M. The range is large. MoonDAO wants to help create a world where anyone can fly to space regardless of their financial situation. We hope that this can be a meaningful and inspirational first step in decentralizing space exploration.

So far in history, space exploration has been gated to the rest of the world — accessible to only the privileged. MoonDAO changes this for the first time in history.

## 🌔 Moon Phase 3: Provide funding to space research and exploration.

We don’t want to just take a ride on someone else’s rockets, we’d like to fund and coordinate our own plans. We think an international collective could move much faster than any red-taped organization, and we can contract out certain aspects of rocket development to private companies -- just like NASA.

The exploration of space should unify the world, not pit us against each other like the last space race. After all, aren't we all just curious earthlings that want to explore the unknown? Now, Web 3.0 represents a technology that can unify earthlings and decentralize space exploration.

## 🌕 Moon Phase 4: Put a MoonDAO colony on the Moon.

That's one small step for a DAO, one giant leap for DAO-kind.

The 1967 Space Treaty forms the basis for all law concerning space. In this treaty it states that no national appropriation of the Moon can take place. However, a DAO is not a nation — it is an international collective of frens.

We have the opportunity to use these new governance and coordination tools in order to form a more perfect union as we extend the rights and liberties of every human on earth into the solar system.

## 🌝 Moon Phase 5: Have sweet Moon parties (everyone's invited).

They're gonna be sweet. BYOB but we'll provide transportation.
