---
id: faq
title: FAQ
description: Find Answers to our Frequently asked Questions, and learn more about the DAO.
keywords: [FAQ, Funds, Risks, Token, DAO Conpesation, Governance]
sidebar_position: 3
---

### **What is DAO?**

The full name of **DAO** is **Decentralized Autonomous Organization.**

DAO is a derived form of organization based on the core idea of blockchain *(The collaborative behavior of co-creation, co-construction, co-governance, and sharing spontaneously generated by groups that have reached the same consensus)*. It is a subsidiary product after the blockchain solves the trust problem between people. Simply put, it is a decentralized organization established by a group of people from all over the world who work and contribute to the same goal, and then achieve the same goal. It can also be simply understood as a company.

However, in this company, there are no mandatory job requirements, no salary, but only governance tokens. To judge the success of a DAO, it depends not only on whether the goal is achieved, but also on the price of the governance token, because that is a direct reflection of value.

In brief, DAO is an organization that has no formal leadership and allows any member to participate in decision-making and make decisions together. For ease of understanding, it can also be called a Distributed Autonomous Company (DAC). There are many similarities between DAO and traditional companies-Organizing individuals for a cause, then solving social problems by creating value and providing an opportunity to create wealth.

But at the same time, they also have clear differences. Company is a form of business organization established in accordance with the law for the purpose of profit. Ownership of the company vests in the company's shareholders. Since the decision-making power and the company's benefits are mostly in the hands of shareholders, the benefits of the company's employees are greatly reduced. Therefore, problems such as centralization, organizational failure, and wealth inequality are prone to occur under the corporate system.

DAO are mission-driven and create value through profit. The ownership of DAO belongs to the entire community. In a DAO, there are no formal roles or strict hierarchies, so community members can communicate equally.

DAO decisions are made by community opinion. Organizational goals are achieved through interaction, competition, and collaboration among network nodes. DAO relies on smart contracts to have a high degree of autonomy and order, and its flat management structure creates a more flexible workflow.

In the operation process of DAO, there is basically no benefit distribution method like the company system. DAO members enjoy dividends according to the number of tokens they hold, and those who hold more will naturally work harder to let the price higher. So, the enthusiasm and completion of the work of DAO members is incomparable to the employees of the company.

Taking *Uniswap* and *Coinbase* as examples, the advantages of DAO are prominent. *Coinbase* is a public company with thousands of employees and *Uniswap* is a DAO with around 20 core engineers. Although the number of workers is different, their workload is about the same. In some periods, Uniswap's workload was even higher.

Therefore, DAO can be regarded as an upgrade of the company system based on the rapid development of the Internet. It provides a useful reference for dealing with problems such as excessive centralization and organizational failure in traditional organizations.

### Is going to space really feasible?

> *Looking up at the stars, "ordinary people" can also tounch the stars.*
> 
- July 11, 2021, Branson and his accompanying 2 pilots and 3 mission experts aboard Virgin Galactic's "VSS Unity" space plane, take off from Spaceport America in New Mexico and fly into space.
- July 20, Amazon founder Jeff Bezos successfully entered space and returned safely aboard the spacecraft of his space exploration company, **Blue Origin**. He was accompanied by his brother Mark Bezos, 82-year-old former aerospace trainee Wally Funk, and 18-year-old high school graduate Oliver Daemen. Funk and Deiman set historical records, respectively, becoming the oldest and youngest people in space.
- 13:34 on September 17, 2021, the *Shenzhou 12* return capsule landed in the scheduled area of the Dongfeng landing site, and the "space trip trio" who lived in space for 3 months returned as scheduled.
- On the other side of the earth, the Falcon 9 rocket of the US space exploration technology company (SpaceX) lifted off on September 15 with the "All-Civilian Space Tour Group". After orbiting the earth for about 3 days, they successfully returned to Earth on the evening of the 18th EST.

The space travels of China and the United States have achieved new breakthroughs in the field of space, bringing space travel into people's field of vision again.

Modern civilization originated when humans looked up at the stars for the first time. Humans are shocked by the vastness of the starry sky, so stargazing has continued for thousands of years to this day. With the development of human civilization, human beings are more curious about the world light-years away. Towards the boundless starry sky has become a constant pursuit in human history.

As more and more manned space vehicles are continuously sent into space, space travel is increasingly becoming the focus of attention. Space travel is no longer a distant dream for mankind.

### Why **Blue Origin**？

At present, there are three companies in the commercial space travel industry: *SpaceX*, *Blue Origin*, and *Virgin Galactic.* It's hard to imagine how much they paid to actually go to space. The table below compares the three companies.

| Company | Price | Altitude | Experience |
|:--------:|------- |----------|---:|
| Blue Origin | Confidential  | Space boundary line "Carmen line" (100km) | Good  |
| SpaceX | estimated in millions of dollars, $55 million | Orbital flight | Perfect   |
| Virgin Galactic | $250,000 | Suborbital flight (80km) | General   |

Through the above comparison, we can know that the higher the sailing altitude, the better the experience, but at the same time the price will be higher.

### Where are the funds going to be stored?

We will use the same strategy as ConstitutionDAO for the initial fundraise for MoonDAO. We'll store the funds in a Gnosis multi-sig with some of the core contributors, and then use Juicebox's protocol to raise funds. Once we have a coin we will use a snapshot to make decisions as a DAO.

The token represents governance over the DAO, but not fractionalized ownership of the DAO or any of its assets.

### What are the risks?

Crypto and web3 involve emergent and rapidly-developing technology and there is always a risk of unforeseen issues could impact us. Although we feel strongly that we have made everything as secure and foolproof as possible given the time constraints, we feel that it’s important to inform the community that these are possible risks:

1. Despite the many layers of protection we have in place, the Gnosis Multi-Sig wallet could be affected by theft, loss of keys, or fraud.
2. While the community has thoroughly vetted these contracts and our contribution platform has been previously battle-tested with millions of dollars secured, there is always the possibility that a smart contract could be hacked due to an unknown vulnerability.

### Am I receiving ownership in exchange for my contribution?

No. You are receiving a governance token, not fractionalized ownership. Governance includes the ability to advise on the mission, values, and operations of MoonDAO as well as the allocation of resources to projects that the DAO supports. MoonDAO is taking donations and donors are receiving governance tokens with no expectation of profit. These donations are not tax deductible at this point in time.

### Will the core team receive any of the raised funds for themselves or get compensated in any way from this?

The core team has not received or pre-minted any tokens. We just want this to exist, we're not doing this for the money. If you want to tip anyone in the community with NFT-memes or give individuals something for their hard work, that's up to you. We don't see much of a distinction between the core-contributors and the rest of the people. Eventually we hope there is no distinction in the long term and the community and core contributors have the same powers.

### Why is there a 50% reserve on the token?

The 50% reserve will be goverened by the $MOONEY holders, and can be used to pay contributors for their work on MoonDAO going forward, or could be even be burned if that is the wish of the community. We're not going to dump that reserve on secondary markets and dilute anyone without the consent of the $MOONEY holders. We belieive that the holders of the $MOONEY will likely only do things that doesn't hurt their interest, and that this is offers more protection to $MOONEY holders than letting the DAO potentially deflate the holders by minting more $MOONEY with no supply cap. Rather, we wanted to set a supply limit and leave the DAO with some portion to distribute for work done for the DAO.

### How will governance work?

To start out we will have proportional governance up to a community decided limit. The limit is needed so that if one person buys more than 51% of the tokens they cannot centrally control the DAO’s decisions. To begin, we will use a 4% limit of the total coin supply, however anyone is welcome to purchase more than 4% if they would like to contribute more. The multi-sig will confirm transactions on behalf of the community, and in theory have a veto power to protect the community if there is an attack on the governance of the DAO. As the DAO evolves our governance will mature, and we will likely have more sophisticated and more decentralized governance structures -- these decisions will be in the hands of the token holders.
